we are inside Harrigan
I can confirm that Sydney's number one
hairstyles have been brought in
especially for this Donatella just for
the Tweety doing I think she's gonna get
started now I'll be the first thing
she's gonna do is put on the Cape
because they're gonna do a bit of a cut
we don't want any of those precious
hairs getting into these clothes or
anything like that on his face at the
Cape Scott reading over East River scene
he likes to multitask Tweety I can
confirm this loves and multitask so
she's going in with a number two I think
it is I can confirm this later I think
it's a - Tweety likes it short on the
sides along the top
it comes in every Friday morning hey
girls kind of kick shoulders side still
on top she's going for the shorter on
this side she's doing well she's not
taking too much off you'll see which i
think is just how he likes it bit of a
reaction there we may be getting blood I
think he has been injured and now he's
hitting her did this just standard
really when he's not hitting me he's
hitting my hair and makeup artist it's
hard but you get used to it okay so the
cutting is done now I think I have had a
chance to go through the products and I
can confirm that it is progressive
trance that's got Tweety apparently came
from an Asian barber shop so if you do
want to replicate the do you're gonna
have to find one not a lot left there so
I might just give this to Donatella so
that she's got something to work with
tella okay now this is where the real
magic happens he's gone in the index
finger the index I could give emic
speaking next she's rubbing it through
the palms getting some heat and then
she's about to go in for the kill okay
so she's going along those sides first
and then she's gonna she's going
straight through the locks really just
building the body there fingertips
fingertips bit of a douche I think you
call that George Oh George now think
about this time Scott's gonna put the
script down and he's gonna take a look
at the mirror and
gonna set silently judging the way that
his hair is being styled looks happy I
think we've got another happy customer
congratulations Scott congratulations
Donatella I think it's a success take
you learn something and I hope we see
some squat Tweety Sharma sides we're
gonna top hairdos on Facebook soon
thanks for joining me